{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red102\green177\blue50;\red253\green165\blue49;\red206\green59\blue0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh13140\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Paragraphs from the House of Slugs\
\
~\
\
When it rains the slugs come out of the ground, through the cracks in the cement and gaps between the cool stones. They wind their way around the house, masses of greasy, greying flesh. When I was young we fed them the remainders of cabbage and lettuce when friendly, beer and salt when \cf2 maleficent\cf0 , dumping scraps out of the kitchen window while keeping the door locked tight.\
\
>\
maleficent is a perfect word here I love the surprise of a slightly arcane but wonderfully descriptive word in this childhood memory that is otherwise simple\
given that the title refers to slugs, opening with commentary on it is a visceral and appropriate lead in\
<\
\
~\
\
I call my Oma. Her voice echoes warmth through her house on another continent. I need help turning the stove on and I don\'92t think gas is flowing. There is a knob behind the stove, she says, and she calls the knob heavy. I have never used this word to describe a knob before. It is a flimsy plastic cap yet still difficult to rotate \cf3 [and I think again about why she chose the word heavy]\cf0 . I wonder if everything is heavy when you are 85 and (I am afraid of being old in a heavy house). \
\
>\
text in orange unnecessary. it brings the reader out of the experience, and is something you can convey without saying it, which you do in the following sentence. this is a paragraph you could make weirder, perhaps bring in another object that you/she find/s heavy or anther slight but not too tangential detail about the house. text in () is what you need in that middle section, where it brings the house and the memory and the experience back to yourself, the narrator, and makes it relatable \
<\
\
~\
\
I go for a bike ride around the closest town, \cf3 hoping to find\cf0  leftover memories or at least to unravel my head. I pedal westward and up a small hill, quiet dairy farms in all directions. The fields are dotted with cows, \cf3 flanked\cf0  on their sides by thick trees and from above by a wrap-around sky. Dense homes and dense towns are wedged between green expanses and whatever I was thinking about has been forgotten. (!!!)\
\
>\
strikes me as awkward in orange/nitpicking word choice. I want it weirder, more ghostly, more wistful than hopeful.\
side note: please ignore comments that change your objective\
<\
\
~\
\
As I stay longer, the smell of the house \cf3 becomes harder to describe\cf0 . \cf4 xWhen I\'92mx\cf0  buried in my own thoughts, though, (it creeps in through rattan mats and timber framing. Old, wet wood. Starched linens. Dust and dirt and disintegrating upholstery.) The house doesn\'92t have a basement. If it did, it would be underwater or full of slugs. \cf4 xBut it doesn\'92tx\cf0 : the soil and moss are right there, sneaking up through the thick floorboards. \
\
>\
very good conveying every day objects and known smells and then making it bizarre. keeping the actual objects \'91normal\'92 and then pushing the sensation with the slugs ties the whole piece back together though not obviously at the end (I was going to ask for more slugs..) and keeps it slightly otherworldly \
<\
\
~\
\
On the north end of the yard there is a tall cluster of trees, between which hang laundry lines that were nailed in the year I was born. \cf2 When\cf0  I hang my wet clothes I stand between the trees and watch the muddled light dance inside the wooden ribcage of an enormous creature, ready to exhale. \
\
>\
you use repetitive \'91when\'92 a few times, possibly add another here or there to put the whole piece in a specific undefined space of time\
<\
\
~\
\
(like here \'93when\'94) On a cold night I open the armoire in the master bedroom and put on an grey sweater. It likely belonged to my grandfather but now sits folded and full of holes. Before going to bed I stand for a while at the front gate, facing a streetlight whose orange light singes my thoughts and all I can think about is the black sky and the word \'93grey\'94. [I know I have to avoid stepping on slugs on the path back to the house and a slight breeze slips though the long sleeves of the knit.] (why slugs here? lead in with another disparate thought, why grey leads to slugs, etc)\
\
~\
\
\cf4 On an early morning\cf0  in August, I set off to catch a train to Belgium. After a streak of clear, open skies, this morning\'92s is heavy and the fog lies thick, hugging the land. When I get on my bicycle I\'92m pedaling through sludge. \cf2 The sky flattens\cf0  the houses and trees, weighing them further into the ground and the landscape is flat, flat, flat. \
\
>\
to note: you\'92ve started the past 3 paragraphs, as well as the following with \'91on\'92\
you also haven\'92t used single word repetition like this before, which I can\'92t decide if I like for being pleasantly jarring or if it\'92s just jarring\
<\
\
~\
\
On my last morning in the house one of the most delicate smells of the house catches me: a sap, or syrup perhaps, but syrup sounds too sweet. A sap that slowly drips out of the marrowed joints of an old, lumbering animal. And with that sweet sap, I know why the slugs are here. \
\
\
\
\
\
\
overall:\
slug use is perfect except where noted in the 4th to last paragraph\
don\'92t worry about cohesion as it isn\'92t necessary and the language you are using is sufficient in tying it together and also how the wistfulness comes across\
\
\
\
}