{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Paragraphs from the House of Slugs\
\
~\
\
When it rains the slugs come out of the ground, through the cracks in the cement and gaps between the cool stones. They wind their way around the house, masses of greasy, greying flesh. When I was young we fed them the remainders of cabbage and lettuce when friendly, beer and salt when maleficent, dumping scraps out of the kitchen window while keeping the door locked tight.\
\
~\
\
I call my Oma. Her voice echoes warmth through her house on another continent. I need help turning the furnace on and I don\'92t think gas is flowing. There is a knob behind the closet, she says, and she calls the knob heavy. I have never used this word to describe a knob before. It is a flimsy plastic cap yet still difficult to rotate, and I\'92m happy I\'92m spry enough to open the flow to keep the cold at bay. I wonder if everything is heavy when you are 85.\
\
~\
\
I go for a bike ride around the closest town, searching for leftover memories. I pedal westward and up a small hill, quiet dairy farms in all directions. The fields are dotted with cows and circled by loose rows of trees, filled from above by a wrap-around sky. Dense homes and dense towns are wedged between endless green expanses and my thoughts unravel before me, pulled taut between centers of life. \
\
~\
\
As I stay longer, the smell of the house becomes harder to describe. Buried in my own thoughts, though, it creeps in through rattan mats and timber framing. Old, wet wood. Starched linens. Dust and dirt and disintegrating upholstery. The house doesn\'92t have a basement. If it did, it would be underwater or full of slugs. Instead, the soil and moss are right there, seeping up through the thick floorboards. \
\
~\
\
At the north end of the yard there is a tall cluster of trees, between which hang laundry lines older than me. When I hang my wet clothes I stand between the trees and watch the muddled light dance inside the wooden ribcage of an enormous creature, ready to exhale. \
\
~\
\
On a cold night I open the armoire in the master bedroom and put on an grey sweater. It likely belonged to my grandfather but now sits folded and full of holes. Before going to bed I stand for a while at the front gate, facing a streetlight whose orange light singes my thoughts and all I can think about is the black sky and the word \'93grey\'94. The wind weaves through the holes of my knit, the slugs through my toes, and the house looks emptier than I found it. \
\
~\
\
I leave the house early one morning in August to catch a train to Belgium . After a streak of clear, open skies, this morning\'92s is heavy and the fog lies thick, hugging the land. When I get on my bicycle I\'92m pedaling through sludge. The sky tramples the houses and trees further into the ground and the landscape is flat, flat, flat. \
\
~\
\
On my last morning in the house one of the most delicate smells of the house catches me: a sap, or syrup perhaps, but syrup tastes too sweet. A sap that slowly drips out of the marrowed joints of an old, lumbering animal. And with that sap, I know why the slugs are here. }